# DART-Database-for-Analysis-of-Represented-Tissues
Database for Analysis of Represented Tissues reveals tissue-elevated and tissue-enriched gene coverage in 6 gene set collections: GO:BP, GO:MF, GO:CC, Reactome, Kegg, Biocarta and the Human Protein Atlas (HPA).

DART has multiple functions including browsing, querying, input, and download functions. It contains a README tab that gives users some information and instructions on how to go about using the database. Through the browsing function, users may review coverage of all tissue-specific genes in the database or filter their browsing by searching for a specific tissue or multiple tissues. Users can filter their search by their gene or genes of interest. This may be useful for users interested in the applicability of specific gene sets for analyzing various tissues, or for those looking to preview gene set collection coverage for a gene of interest. The search function allows users to get a closer analysis of a gene set of choice. Users can also filter their search by looking at whether a specific gene or a list of genes are present in a specific MSigDB. The database also consists of figures that show the fractional coverage of the enriched and elevated genes of each tissue in each of the 6 MSigDBs which can help the user decide which database can be the most useful when conducting their pathway enrichment analysis. 

An input option allows the user to input a list of genes that they will be analyzing. The genes from the input will be extracted to see which specific tissues are those elevated or enriched in, as well as which MSigDB would be the best for the user to use when conducting pathway enrichment analysis. The database also has a feature to download any particular table (filtered or unfiltered) as a csv file.

P.S. :- To run the application download files from app.R and everything below it, and the "www" folder.
